{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1138\cocoasubrtf320
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 LucidaGrande;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red84\green84\blue84;}
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardirnatural

\f0\fs26 \cf0 I'm listening to music but SkronkFM is not updating. How often does SkronkFM check my last.fm playing status?\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardirnatural

\fs22 \cf2 Every fifteen seconds. Checking it more often typically won't result in faster updates, since many of the music services like Mog and Rdio don't scrobble songs until they've been playing for a certain length, for example 25% completed. Commonly this translates into 30-60 seconds into a song before last.fm first sees the new song. For longer songs it may take even more time to scrobble.\
\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardirnatural

\fs26 \cf0 Why does it take each service (Spotify, Mog) so long to update my playing status?\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardirnatural

\fs22 \cf2 See previous answer. Different music services have different rules on how often they send last.fm updates. Some scrobbling applications may allow you to customize their scrobbling rules.\
\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardirnatural

\fs26 \cf0 Why does SkronkFM keep saying my music has stopped?\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardirnatural

\fs22 \cf2 SkronkFM can only report what last.fm tells it. If a scrobbling application or service does not send an update to last.fm after restarting a paused song, last.fm will not be able to see that the song is playing again.\
\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardirnatural

\fs26 \cf0 Where's my album? Where's my album art?\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardirnatural

\fs22 \cf2 If last.fm doesn't recognize the song you're scrobbling, it won't be able to associate it with an album. Sometimes small differences in the song name will throw things off, like missing punctuation or alternate spellings. When in doubt, look it up on last.fm by selecting "Open Song on last.fm" from the SkronkFM menu.\
\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardirnatural

\fs26 \cf0 That flashing icon is distracting. How do I get rid of it?\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardirnatural

\fs22 \cf2 Turn off the option "Show Watcher Icon\'93 in Preferences or in the menu bar menu.\
\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardirnatural

\fs26 \cf0 Does SkronkFM update in the background?\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardirnatural

\fs22 \cf2 SkronkFM only checks the network when it's showing. If you hide it, SkronkFM will cease network activity until you show it again.\
\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardirnatural

\fs26 \cf0 Scrobble?\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardirnatural

\fs22 \cf2 "Scrobble" is last.fm's term for sending song updates from your local playlist to last.fm.\
\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardirnatural

\fs26 \cf0 What if I don\'92t have a question?\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardirnatural

\fs22 \cf2 Feel free to ask it anyway. Send all your non-questions to {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "mailto:skronk@fourfringe.com"}}{\fldrslt skronk@fourfringe.com}}.\
\
}