{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1138\cocoasubrtf320
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Cochin;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 LucidaGrande;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;\red255\green0\blue0;}
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\sl288\slmult1\pardirnatural

\f0\fs28 \cf0 Default Language: English\
App Name: SkronkFM Music Watcher\
SKU Number: 0001\
Bundle ID: com.fourfringe.SkronkFM\
\
Price Tier: Tier 2\
\
Version: 1.0\
Copyright: 2012 John Sheets\
Primary Category: Music\
Secondary Category: Entertainment\
\
\
\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardirnatural

\f1\b\fs24 \cf0 Review Notes:\
\pard\pardeftab720

\b0\fs22 \cf2 Additional information about your app and/or In-App Purchases that may assist our review, such as the details of any test accounts that we may use to test them (including user names, passwords, access codes, and so on). If you are requesting entitlements for application sandboxing, you must explain how your app will use this functionality. Review Notes cannot be longer than 4000 bytes.
\fs24 \cf0 \
\cf3 \
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf0 Needs network access to connect to the last.fm web service.\
\
The only info you\'92ll need for testing is the username of a last.fm user. The app uses only public data, so no auth is needed. Look here for currently active users: {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.last.fm/community/users"}}{\fldrslt http://www.last.fm/community/users}}\
\
\
\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardirnatural

\b \cf0 Description (4000 max):\
\pard\pardeftab720

\b0 \cf0 \
SkronkFM Music Watcher\
\
Watch your music from the comfort of your own desktop.\
\
Keep an eye on what\'92s playing in last.fm, even when you\'92re not looking. SkronkFM stays out of your way, but is always there when you need it. It doesn\'92t matter if you\'92re playing music on your Mac, on your phone, on a media center in the next room, or even across town. As long as your music player can update last.fm, your currently playing track will show up on your desktop.\
\
Features:\
* Keep track of what\'92s currently playing on your last.fm account\
* Convenient menubar access\
* Always on Top so SkronkFM doesn\'92t get lost on your desktop\
* Autosizes to fit track length\
* Choose between opaque or transparent background\
* Shows album art if available.\
* Configurable global keyboard shortcut to show/hide\
* Quick link to open the current song in your default browser\
\
Requires a free last.fm account.\
\
Coming Soon:\
* More song info\
* Detect current track directly from local music players\
* Growl support\
* iCloud syncing\
* Scrobbling\
* Song history\
\
Note, SkronkFM is not perfect. It is currently limited to songs reported by last.fm. Also, songs that last.fm does not recognize may lack album info, but will still appear in SkronkFM.\
\
\
\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardirnatural

\b \cf0 Keywords:\
\pard\pardeftab720

\b0\fs22 \cf2 One or more keywords that describe the app you are adding. When users search the App Store, the terms they enter are matched with keywords to return more accurate results. Separate multiple keywords with commas. Keywords cannot be edited once your binary is in review and cannot be longer than 100 bytes.\
\pard\pardeftab720

\fs24 \cf0 \
skronk,fm,last.fm,track,watch,album,albums,artist,artists,song,songs,menubar,scrobble\
\
\
\
Support Email Address:\
\pard\pardeftab720
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "mailto:skronk@fourfringe.com"}}{\fldrslt \cf0 skronk@fourfringe.com}}\
\
Support URL:\
\pard\pardeftab720
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://fourfringe.com"}}{\fldrslt \cf0 http://fourfringe.com}}\
\
Marketing URL (optional):\
None\
\
Screenshots (1280x800 or 1440x900)\
\
1) User prompt, preferences\
2) Transparent, service icon, album art, menubar\
3) concrete, no album art, no album, no service icon\
}