{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1138\cocoasubrtf320
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 LucidaGrande;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red46\green46\blue46;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{decimal\}.}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'02\'00.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid1}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}}
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl440\sa360
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://mrgan.tumblr.com/post/708404794/ios-app-icon-sizes"}}{\fldrslt 
\f0\fs26 \cf2 \cb3 http://mrgan.tumblr.com/post/708404794/ios-app-icon-sizes}}
\f0\fs26 \cf2 \cb3 \
Let\'92s walk through all the different sizes and how they\'92re used:\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl440
\ls1\ilvl0
\b \cf2 {\listtext	1.	}57\'a0px, iPhone \'96 Good ol\'92 classic.
\b0 \
\ls1\ilvl0
\b {\listtext	2.	}114\'a0px, Retina iPhone
\b0 \
\ls1\ilvl0
\b {\listtext	3.	}72\'a0px, iPad
\b0 \
\ls1\ilvl0
\b {\listtext	4.	}144\'a0px, Retina iPad
\b0 \
\ls1\ilvl0
\b {\listtext	5.	}29\'a0px, iPhone Settings/Spotlight, iPad Settings
\b0  \'96 Used in these table views. Minor, but still important!\
\ls1\ilvl0
\b {\listtext	6.	}58\'a0px, iPhone 4 Settings/Spotlight/Notifications
\b0  \'96 That\'92s right, you have to make both 57 and 58\'a0px versions of your icon \'96 d\'92oh! Good luck aligning this if there\'92s a line running down the middle of the icon.\
\ls1\ilvl0
\b {\listtext	7.	}48\'a0px, iPad Spotlight
\b0  \'96 Yup, the iPad uses a different size for Spotlight and Settings. This size is controversial! Apple\'92s docs actually say the icon is 50\'a0px, but then there\'92s this note:\'a0The final visual size of this icon is 48 x 48 pixels. iPhone OS trims 1 pixel from each side of your artwork and adds a drop shadow. Be sure to take this into account as you design your icon.\'a0How weird!\
\ls1\ilvl0
\b {\listtext	8.	}96\'a0px, Retina iPad Spotlight.\'a0
\b0 See note 7 above, and remember the edge will be trimmed by 2\'a0px on each side.\
\ls1\ilvl0
\b {\listtext	9.	}22 x 29\'a0px document icon, iPhone
\b0 \
\ls1\ilvl0
\b {\listtext	10.	}44 x 58\'a0px document icon, Retina iPhone
\b0 \
\ls1\ilvl0
\b {\listtext	11.	}64\'a0px document icon, iPad
\b0 \
\ls1\ilvl0
\b {\listtext	12.	}320\'a0px document icon, iPad
\b0 \
\ls1\ilvl0
\b {\listtext	13.	}640\'a0px document icon, Retina iPad
\b0 \
\ls1\ilvl0
\b {\listtext	14.	}512\'a0px, iTunes
\b0  \'96 Used in iTunes and in\'a0the App Store, where it\'92s sized down to 175\'a0px. Sadly, you can\'92t provide the 175\'a0px version directly.\
\ls1\ilvl0
\b {\listtext	15.	}1024\'a0px, Retina iTunes
\b0 \
}